hello my name is Janelle Hohner and I
run hosannas organic Gardens we've been
here for eight years and we've been able
to provide great organic produce to our
local community we also teach people
from all over the world and all
different age ranges about tropical
organic agriculture here
the bust by cold of the night
to
don't - wind blows the tears from my
my name is Johnny Hall I'm from upstate
New York and average day it's all
different some people are out in the
garden watering
there's always harvesting going on so
harvesting bananas and papayas we do
market a couple days a week so we're
having to make garden goodnesses and
curry mixes
my spirits lifts the sir
skills I've learned so I first got
heroes mean when climbing coconut trees
so basically use a band system that we
go up with getting to the top kind of
prawns away and using a rope that you
tie above the Frog to cut the coconuts
damage we then bring down and have for
the farm or for anybody else that likes
of turmeric which is really good for the
body use that a lot grated up heard on
bagels with cream cheese which is
amazing as well as green beans we have
which is also good coconut we use
coconut water I have that everything
else we have outside of it we'd be any
fruit that you pick neither do anything
Arvest so bananas are daily things like
you eat limes and career mixes using
soup and teas outside of that harvesting
the eggs and grabbing the eggs are great
for protein
you